DOCS-6250 Nov 9 release (#118)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> If you encounter errors while you are using API Community Manager (ACM), refer to these explanations and instructions for recovery.

Reviewer: Didn't we agree with Jesus to not use the abbreviation ACM?
GLOBAL; I will stop marking this.
Please use the full official name at first use in the narrative of each topic: Anypoint API Community Manager.

Author: Yes we did. I'm tracking that change in DOCS-6249 and had planned to change the name in all files in one PR after this release, but I went ahead and made the change throughout this file in this PR, and will do all the other files in one future PR.

== Approved Members Not Created or Emailed

If your Winter '20 Salesforce organization has the member approval workflow active, and approving a member and refreshing the screen removes the member from the list without creating the new user or sending the new user email, follow one of these two troubleshooting options:

> . Ensure the locale of the approver user configured in the `SelfRegister` component is set to English.

Reviewer: Use of "that" following "ensure" is debatable in most cases; omission is sometimes confusing. I believe in including it to be on the safe side, but you are free to make your own choice. I'll send out a blurb about this today in para-docs.
If you want to include, GLOBALLY search and evaluate.

Author: Seems good to me. I've now standardized globally on "ensure that" throughout the ACM docs.

> Or:

Reviewer: This is very informal and generally discouraged, breaking a sentence in the middle this way.
How about an option in which you introduce "one of two options" and then name the second one, so that you have two parallel first-level options: Ensure that...and <Something that introduces the substeps>.

1. Ensure that....
2. Add a language...:
    a. Open....

OR

* Ensure that
* Add a language
  1. Open....

Author: I've rewritten the options for clarity.

. Open Salesforce setup.
. Open company settings.
. Open language settings.
. Enable the appropriate languages and locales by enabling end-user languages, enabling platform-only languages, or both.
. Add the language matching the approver user profile to the list of displayed languages.

== Not Authorized or Problem Logging In Error When Saving External Data Source Configuration

> If saving the external data source configuration shows one of the errors "Not authorized" or "Problem Logging In - No_Oauth_State: State was not sent back":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If saving the external data source configuration shows one of the errors "Not authorized" or "Problem Logging In - No_Oauth_State: State was not sent back", follow these steps:
```
Only because the error message started to dominate the intro to the steps....

Author: That is better!

. Ensure the connected app domain is the right domain of the Salesforce organization.
. Open Salesforce setup.
. Open the authentication providers configuration.

> . Click the name of the Anypoint authentication provider and ensure it has these settings from the correct connected app in Anypoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the name of the Anypoint Platform authentication provider and ensure that it has these settings from the correct connected app in Anypoint Platform:
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY search for "Anypoint" used alone and provide an object: most likely, "Platform."
Anypoint is a registered trademark and must therefore always be used as an adjective.

Author: Fixed globally.

>   . Ensure the consumer key and consumer secret match the connected app in Anypoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  . Ensure the consumer key and consumer secret match the connected app in Anypoint Platform.
```

>   . Ensure the authorize endpoint URL, token endpoint URL, and default scopes are configured as described in the section xref:configure-acm.adoc#create-your-authentication-provider[Create Your Authentication Provider] on the page Configure ACM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  . Ensure the authorize endpoint URL, token endpoint URL, and default scopes are configured as described in  xref:configure-acm.adoc#create-your-authentication-provider[Create Your Authentication Provider].
```
Avoid referring to texts as sections, pages, topics, and so forth, as part of the effort to move from the book paradigm to the topic paradigm.

Author: Got it, and I will use that from now on.

  . Ensure the test-only initialization URL, OAuth-only initialization URL, callback URL, and single logout URL match the correct domain of your Salesforce organization.

>   . Ensure your connected app in Anypoint has the correct domain of your Salesforce organization in the `redirect_uri` setting, client ID and client secret that match those in Salesforce, and correct scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  . Ensure your connected app in Anypoint Platform has the same domain as your Salesforce organization in its `redirect_uri` setting, a client ID and client secret that match those in Salesforce, and correct scopes.
```

> To find details of the connected app, check the UI or make this API call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view details of the connected app, examine the UI or make this API call:
```

----
curl -X GET 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/connectedApplications/' \
   -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
   -H "authorization: bearer XXXXXXXXX"
----

This call returns a response like this:

---- 
{
"client_id": "5fafXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX29c9",
"client_secret": "9509XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXC10E",
"client_name": "ACM Integration Client",
"redirect_uris": [
  "https://YourOrgDomain.my.salesforce.com/services/authcallback/Anypoint"
],
"grant_types": [
  "authorization_code",
  "refresh_token"
],
"public_keys": [],
"scopes": [
  "offline_access",
  "full"
],
"enabled": true,
"owner_org_id": "f377XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXX9d08",
"as_id": "anypoint"
}
----

"YourOrgDomain" is replaced by your organization domain.

== Missing Request Access Button

If a published API version is not showing the *Request access* button:

> . Ensure the API version is managed in API Manager. If it is not, click *Import from Exchange*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure the API version is managed in API Manager.
If it is not, click *Import from Exchange*.
```

. Ensure the API version has at least one endpoint defined.

> . Label the endpoint. This label displays in your community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Label the endpoint.
This label displays in your community.
```

. Ensure at least one of the API version's endpoints is configured as public in Exchange.

> In the community builder, check the audience targeting settings of the xref:acm-lightning-components.adoc#api-access-requester[API Access Requester] Lightning component. To make the *API Access Requester* appear to all members, ensure it is not assigned to any audience. To make it appear only to a specific audience, ensure it is assigned to the correct audience, and verify it by viewing the page while logged in to a member account that is a member of this audience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the community builder, check the audience targeting settings of the xref:acm-lightning-components.adoc#api-access-requester[API Access Requester] Lightning component. To make the API Access Requester appear to all members, ensure it is not assigned to any audience. To make it appear only to a specific audience, ensure it is assigned to the correct audience, and verify it by viewing the page while logged in to an account that is a member of this audience.
```

== Broken Images on Documentation Pages

> If your community shows a broken image on an API documentation page, and the image displays correctly on the API documentation page in Exchange, follow these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your community shows a broken image on an API documentation page, and the image displays correctly on the API documentation page in Exchange, follow these steps:
```

> If the image was uploaded to Exchange with the markdown editor, then the image is stored in Exchange. Make the Exchange API version asset public so the image can be rendered in your community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the image was uploaded to Exchange by using the markdown editor, make the Exchange API version asset public so the image can be rendered in your community.
```

> If the image is stored on a web location outside Exchange such as S3 or Dropbox:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the image is stored on a web location outside Exchange, such as S3 or Dropbox, then:
```

Reviewer: Make the following steps into substeps.

Author: Fixed.

. Open Salesforce setup.
. Open your community's content security policy (CSP) trusted sites list.
. Ensure the list includes the image site domain.

> . Some file sharing services resolve URLs through multiple redirects. Ensure the list includes the domain of the final URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Because some file-sharing services resolve URLs through multiple redirects, ensure the list includes the domain of the final URL.
```

To learn if any content in any component or page of the community is blocked by the content security policy:

> . Open the ACM control panel.

Reviewer: spell out ACM

Author: Fixed.

. Click *Community Builder*.
. Click *Preview*.
. Open the page that contains the content.

To inspect the URLs the browser loads when rendering a community page, use the browser developer tools.

== Console Mocking Service Not Loading

If the console shows a spinning icon and never loads the mocking service:

. Open Salesforce setup.

> . Open *Named Credentials* configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the *Named Credentials* configuration.
```

> . Ensure the Anypoint credentials are configured as described in the section xref:configure-acm.adoc#authorize-and-authenticate-your-external-data-source[Authorize and Authenticate Your External Data Source] on the page Configure ACM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure the Anypoint Platform credentials are configured as described in xref:configure-acm.adoc#authorize-and-authenticate-your-external-data-source[Authorize and Authenticate Your External Data Source].
```

. Ensure the mocking service uses HTTPS.

== Unauthorized Endpoint Error

If calling a real endpoint from the console shows an *Unauthorized Endpoint* error:

. Open Salesforce setup.
. Open your community's content security policy (CSP) trusted sites list.
. Ensure the list includes the endpoint site domain.

> The console works in the user's browser and can only call trusted endpoint sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The console works in the user's browser and can call only trusted endpoint sites.
```

== Incorrect or Missing Data for One API Version

If a single API version has documentation or console components with incorrect or missing data:

. Open the ACM control panel.
. Edit the API version.

> . Click the button *View asset in Exchange*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *View asset in Exchange*.
```

> . Ensure the API version in ACM points to the correct API version in Exchange.

Reviewer: spell out ACM

Author: Fixed.

. Ensure the API version in Exchange is published and not in draft mode.

== Guest Users Not Seeing Published API Versions

If guest users do not see published API versions that have been set to be visible for everyone:

. Open Salesforce setup.
. Open the sharing rules.

> . Ensure the sharing rule for the object `CommunityApi` matches your community name, including spaces and which letters are upper case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure the sharing rule for the object `CommunityApi` matches your community name exactly, including spacing and lettercasing.
```

----
curl -X GET 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/connectedApplications/' \
   -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
   -H "authorization: bearer XXXXXXXXX"
----

This call returns a response like this:

---- 
{
"client_id": "5fafXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX29c9",
"client_secret": "9509XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXC10E",
"client_name": "ACM Integration Client",
"redirect_uris": [
  "https://YourOrgDomain.my.salesforce.com/services/authcallback/Anypoint"
],
"grant_types": [
  "authorization_code",
  "refresh_token"
],
"public_keys": [],
"scopes": [
  "offline_access",
  "full"
],
"enabled": true,
"owner_org_id": "f377XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXX9d08",
"as_id": "anypoint"
}
----

"YourOrgDomain" is replaced by your organization domain.

== Missing Request Access Button

If a published API version is not showing the *Request access* button:

. Ensure the API version is managed in API Manager. If it is not, click *Import from Exchange*.
. Ensure the API version has at least one endpoint defined.
. Label the endpoint. This label displays in your community.
. Ensure at least one of the API version's endpoints is configured as public in Exchange.

> 

Reviewer 2: add: 
"In the community builder, check the audience targeting settings of the API Request access component (LINK TO COMPONENT DOCS). If you want it to appear regardless of the user, make sure it is not assigned to any audience. If, alternatively, you want it to appear only to a specific audience, make sure that it is assigned to the correct audience and that you're verifying it with a user member of this audience."

Author: Added. Thank you!

. Ensure the mocking service uses HTTPS.

== Unauthorized Endpoint Error

If calling a real endpoint from the console shows an *Unauthorized Endpoint* error:

. Open Salesforce setup.
. Open your community's content security policy (CSP) trusted sites list.
. Ensure the list includes the endpoint site domain.

The console works in the user's browser and can only call trusted endpoint sites.

== Incorrect or Missing Data for One API Version

If a single API version has documentation or console components with incorrect or missing data:

. Open the ACM control panel.
. Edit the API version.
. Click the button *View asset in Exchange*.
. Ensure the API version in ACM points to the correct API version in Exchange.
. Ensure the API version in Exchange is published and not in draft mode.

== Guest Users Not Seeing Published API Versions

If guest users do not see published API versions that have been set to be visible for everyone:

. Open Salesforce setup.
. Open the sharing rules.
. Ensure the sharing rule for the object `CommunityApi` matches your community name, including spaces and which letters are upper case.

> == Invalid Page Error

Reviewer 2: remove this

Reviewer 2: (line 139 - "Invalid page error")

Author: Done.
